[OSDOCS-17177]: CQA File Integrity Operator Docs (#114825)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/file-integrity-supplying-custom-aide-config.adoc

[id="file-integrity-operator-supplying-custom-aide-config_{context}"]
= Supplying a custom AIDE configuration

[role="_abstract"]

> Any entries that configure AIDE internal behavior such as `DBDIR`, `LOGDIR`, `database`, and `database_out` are overwritten by the Operator. The Operator would add a prefix to `/hostroot/` before all paths to be watched for integrity changes. This makes reusing existing AIDE configs that might often not be tailored for a containerized environment and start from the root directory easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any entries that configure AIDE internal behavior such as `DBDIR`, `LOGDIR`, `database`, and `database_out` are overwritten by the Operator. The Operator adds a prefix to `/hostroot/` before all paths to be watched for integrity changes. This makes reusing existing AIDE configs that might often not be tailored for a containerized environment and start from the root directory easier.
```
tbh don't know what this one is trying to say, maybe try a revised version (or add this to the list of things to address later in the CQA spreadsheet)? something like:

You do not have to manually rewrite your existing AIDE configurations to make them work inside a container. The Operator automatically handles automatic path adjustments and safe overrides. 

The AIDE Operator automatically adds a `/hostroot/` prefix to all the paths you want to watch. This means you can reuse your standard, root-directory config files without editing any paths yourself.

The Operator also automatically takes care of core internal settings, such as `DBDIR`, `LOGDIR`, `database`, and `database_out`, to ensure that they match the container environment, overwriting any conflicting values you might have had.

Author: I agree this is a difficult sentence. I remember, long ago, that this was done in response to a customer case, and I don't believe I wrote this, I just remember hearing it discussed in developer meetings. I'd like to note it for further review and change by the developers. I very much like the changes you recommeded, but I need to be able to check with them and not hold up this PR. I'll make the simple change  you suggested, then raise a new PR later. A PR with only that change would give me good practice at self-merging.

Author: Changed furture tense to present tense. Thank you!
